 What is JVM?
 Explain different data types in Java.
    - Primitive Data Type
    - Non-Primitive Data Type or Object Data type
  Differentiate between instance and local variables.
  Why String is immutable?
  What is a static variable?
  What is difference between static method and static block?
  Difference between static methods, static variables, and static classes in java.
  What is the difference between string, string builder , string buffer?
  String is mutable or immutable?
  What is Object?
  What is contructor?
  What is default contructor ? default contructor vs parameterized constructor ? how to invoke that?
  What is Interface?
  What is marker interface?
  What is Abstract class?
  Difference between abstract class and interface?
  What is inheritance ? types of inheritance?
  what is polymorphism?
  Difference between method overloading and method overriding?
  Can we override the private methods?
  What is Collection Framework in Java?
  What is list interface(Arraylist, linkedlist/ vector) / Set Interface(hashset, treeset) /  Queue Interface / Map Interface(hashmap, treemap)
  how to iterate list/set/map?
  Array vs ArrayList
  Difference between Collection and Collections
  What is enumerator?
  difference between Comparable and Comparator
  What is Exception Handling?
  types of exceptions can occur in a Java program
  hierarchy of Java Exception classes.
  Explain Runtime Exceptions.
  difference between Checked Exception and Unchecked Exception?
  What is the base class for Error and Exception?
  what is try / catch / finally block does?
  What is the use of the final keyword?
  What purpose do the keywords final, finally, and finalize fulfill
  difference between this() and super() in Java
  what is garback collection?
  what is Java design pattern? learn any two design pattern (builder pattern, factory pattern)
  what is statement and prepared statement?
  what is final class
  what is singleton class
  difference between equals() method and equality operator (==) in Java?






